improved spellcheck (#5056)
plone/volto: docs/source/getting-started/install.md

Volto can be installed in any operating system assuming that the following pre-requisites are met:

> - [NodeJS LTS (18.x)](https://nodejs.org/en)

Reviewer: Revert. The correct term is in fact Node.js.

There are three processes continuously running when you have a working Volto website:

1. A frontend web application running in your browser (JavaScript)

> 2. A NodeJS server process that delivers the JavaScript to the client and does

Reviewer: Revert. The correct term is in fact Node.js.

## Install nvm (NodeJS version manager)

If you have a working Node JavaScript development already set up on your machine or you prefer

> another management tool to install/maintain NodeJS this step is not needed. If you have less

Reviewer: ```suggestion
another management tool to install/maintain Node.js this step is not needed. If you have less
```

## Yarn (NodeJS package manager)

> Install the Yarn Classic version (not the 2.x one!), of the popular NodeJS package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Yarn Classic version (not the 2.x one!), of the popular Node.js package manager.
```

If you are somewhat familiar with Python development, you can also install Plone locally
without using Docker. Check the [backend configuration](../configuration/backend.md) section.

> It also has more information on Plone.Volto.

Reviewer: Revert. If Vale complains about this term, then add it to `accept.txt`.

Also the original author should have used an inline literal for this, which I think will avoid a Vale warning. Thus:

```suggestion
It also has more information on `plone.volto`.
```

## Build the production bundle

In production environments, you should build an static version of your (Volto) app. The

> app should be run in a NodeJS process (because of the {term}`server-side rendering`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
app should be run in a Node.js process (because of the {term}`server-side rendering`
```

    ```
    The resultant build is available in the `build` folder.

> 2.  Run the Volto NodeJS process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Run the Volto Node.js process
```

    ```bash
    yarn start:prod
    ```

>     to run the NodeJS process with the production build. You can also run it manually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to run the Node.js process with the production build. You can also run it manually:
```
